= Morpheus

Morpheus, task framework, making it more flexible to extend all the important tasks used in the Ruby community, 
in a simple and elegant Domain Specific Language.

The Morpheus gem is responsible to keep your tasks in order and more important -> <b>simple</b>.

== Install

<b> Morpheus says: This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You take the blue pill - the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit-hole goes. </b>

The Morpheus gem does not have a version, but is in a heavy development!

== See the Domain Specific Language PLANNING (<b>Just Fake Code</b>) for see the planning of Domain Specific Language.

<b> Morpheus says: Unfortunately, no one can be told what the gem is. You have to see it for yourself. </b>

== The Feature

I'm a lazy programmer. And so is the feature:

    As a lazy programmer
    I want to write minimal code of tasks (Elegant code)
    In order to have the tasks running the way I need
    And / or able to customize the tasks that I want in a more simple and elegant way

<b> Morpheus says: You have to let it all go. Fear, doubt, and disbelief. Free your mind. </b>

The purposes of the project are:

- Remove duplication of tasks.
- Have a Domain Specific Language to 'shape' tasks.
- Refactor all the tasks.
- Make the code of creating tasks, more cleaner.
- Making people to write the smallest possible number of code to create tasks that exist in the Ruby community.
- Create conventions of writing tasks (remember - Convention Over Configuration)
